{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15860\viewh8360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Corrections
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b\fs28 \ul Changes
\fs24 \ulnone \
\
Code:
\b0 \
\
1. I will correct the random period. I have learned that periods after website names are not needed. \
\

\f1\i "I noticed on line 96 of you html that there is a period right after the </a> that should be removed."\
\

\f0\i0 2. I will correct the styling code for the menu so that it works better on mobile. I need to start looking at my site on my actual phone so that I am catching these mistakes. :)\

\f1\i \
Menu styling: "min-height: 3rem; and padding-bottom: 1rem;"\

\f0\i0 \

\b Design:
\b0 \
\
1. I will be adding more design and structure to the menu for clarity, readability, and structure. \
\

\f1\i "In the locations menu, I think that you might want to add a bit more hierarchy to the individual listings. Maybe the name and address are a bit bolder than the hours and phone number? I think there might be too much padding-left on the detail lists as well, which is causing them to push pretty close to the edge of the window."\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 "My one suggestion for this site would be to add some headings in the content in order to add hierarchy and a sense of importance." \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 "fat thumb buttons"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 2. I will be changing the styling of the items that look like links so that no one is confused. I coded these so that your mobile phone would recognize them as phone numbers and addresses and hopefully pull them up in a map or auto dial when you click.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\i \cf0 \
"In the navigation \'96 for locations, will those be links to additional pages? When I click on a location I get the drop-down content of the address, but it looks like those could also link to additional pages into the site."\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 3. I will be changing the text heavy content of the site. I will move Pete's biography to the about us section so that when you initially visit the page there isn't too much scrolling. This will allow for even faster load time so that users can find their restaurant quickly. \

\f1\i \
"The page is pretty text heavy. You could try only showing two paragraphs of the content and then create a read more link that directs the user to the full introduction. Maybe it could go to the About Us page?"\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 "My initial thought of the site was that it was an "about us" site or a blog. So I think my first question is what is the main focus of this page? Should it be about the business/owner or should it be about the restaurants?  Stacy also eluded to this. If the historical significance is important, then I think this is a great start.  If the restaurants should be the focus then I think maybe bringing them in as larger buttons as opposed to an expandable menu might work better."\
\
or \
\
a "read more" button.  For people who don't like scrolling or for those that might just want a quick one sentence introduction, that would make the site more user friendly.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 4. As per my own critique, I will be adding a home icon for the navigation. This will be needed as more pages are added. 
\f1\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\

\b\fs28 \ul Exclusions
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
1. I am excluding the critique to have the menu and hours front and center since the page represents several diner restaurants in Denver. The menus are very heavy with items (diner food). This just wouldn't be practical. \
\

\f1\i "When compressing the site for mobile use; I would suggest having the menu somewhere front and center on the home page. Most times when individuals are visiting restaurant sites they looking to see what\'92s on the menu and hours of operations\'85.at least I am." 
\f0\i0 \
\
2. I am also excluding the change of font. I think the colors suggest Greek food. Also, not all the diners are Greek. Only a few have some Greek items on the menu. One of the restaurants is apparently "Mexican" food. You would understand if you've been there.\
\

\f1\i "This didn\'92t immediately read Greek food to me when I visited your revised version \'96 would you consider adding in a different font choice for the text overlay that would reflect that style more? (I see that some of the restaurants are more traditional American, so I could be way off on this one!)"\
\

\f0\i0 \
\
}